
The blinding light was hitting my eyes.
I couldn't move. I sat there stunned until my vision cleared.
Bright summer sunlight poured through the familiar room's windows.
Once the daze from witnessing such a spectacular sight faded a little, I finally glanced around.
But, as soon as I shifted my balance, a sharp pang in my gut made my heart race, practically pounding against my shirt.


Something was definitely wrong... Was I—2D?! Am I in a 2D version?!
...


A dizzy, almost suffocating darkness crept into my head. I instinctively pressed my hands into my knees, and tried to steady my breath.
My chest felt tighter, like it was squeezing inward.
After a few minutes, my breathing started to settle, and I finally dared to think about what to do next.


Damn, what do I do now?!


Trying to gather my thoughts, I racked my brains, until I was hit with an unexpected realization.


Right—I should just get back to 3D!
Just go out of bounds! So far nobody else has been giving a damn about this game's rules.
I could do that too for sure!


I decided I'd go beyond this 2D reality, back into 3D.
I reached out, trying to push my hand through back into the 3D world.


Damn! Why isn't it working?!
And wait—where's the ring? Oh, crap.


I stopped my breakout attempts, realizing that this was a futile endeavor.
The user interface was intangible, like it wasn't really there.
So I had to turn my attention back to the living room.
I had no other choice. I'd have to find that elusive ring, no matter what.
Somehow I couldn't figure out the exact moment I lost it, and whether it was worth looking for it in this flat dimension.

Then, just as I took a step, yet another adorable girl appeared out of nowhere.
She flicked her short pigtails, and a mischievous gleam flashed across her eyes.
She was keeping herself a few steps away, but I still could feel the excitement rolling off her.
It made me feel uneasy.
> Clearly, she's a devil in disguise <
Or so I thought.

I was frozen in place.
Clearly, I was still not used to these teleporting, paranormal types.
The girl let out a loud sigh and rolled her eyes.
Somewhat bothered by that, I finally decided I'd be the one to start talking.


M... Mita?


She narrowed her eyes as if to challenge me, and her crisp voice assaulted me from all directions.


Well, who else, then?
What, you've seen OTHER GIRLS like me?
With my name!?


Her tone was filled with discontent and playful sarcasm. She was acting as if I'd wronged her somehow, or perhaps forgot that I had owed her something.


You wouldn't believe me if I told you...


Honestly, I don't want to know who you're hanging around with!
But why the hell are you in my house?
You can't just barge in here!


Her voice grew even louder.
She raised her hand and started energetically shaking her slender index finger at me.
Balanced on that finger was... the ring. The one that had somehow vanished from my hand.
My jaw dropped.
Her eyes sparkled, a glint of triumph breaking through her dark lashes.


Did you happen to drop... this?


I swallowed hard and tugged at my collar, feeling a knot in my throat.
Her bold voice, combined with her wild intensity, sent a chill through me.
I was sure of it now—this wasn't just some girl. She was a force of nature.
I finally exhaled before speaking up.


I'd really appreciate it if you could just give me the ring and show me the way out.


So this little trinket is yours?
And I was wondering what it was!


All of a sudden, her voice softened.
She was filled with playful curiosity.
It finally felt like a weight had been lifted off my shoulders.
The storm had passed, and now she seemed... almost flirtatious.
Her demeanor shifted from a fierce panther to a curious kitten.
I blinked, but in that instant, the two-dimensional Mita vanished as suddenly as she had appeared.


Hey!

My shout was filled with irritation.
Kitchen
Bedroom
// Description kitchen:
I had nothing left to do but track down the local Mita.
She had the ring, and without that precious artifact, my efforts would be all for naught!
I made my way to the kitchen first.
I hurried through the door, nearly slamming my head against it, and took a quick glance around.
The kitchen was even brighter than the other room.
I could smell a familiar scent of fresh carrots inside.
But there was no sign of 2D Mita.
I darted out, back into the living room, and skillfully navigated around the sofa, which was a bit of an obstacle if you wanted to get to the bedroom.
I slammed the bedroom door open, and its hinges creaked loudly in response.

// Description bedroom:
There she was, cross-legged on the bed in the lotus position, as if she'd been waiting for me to finally find her.
She opened her eyes, her expression satisfied, and stared into nothingness for a few seconds.
And in the next moment, with all the agility of a circus animal, she bounded over to me.


I have an idea!
You want the ring, weirdo?
Beat me at tic-tac-toe!


It seemed like she was ready to stick her tongue out and start panting like a dog.
After all, her cheeky manner of barking out lines was already on full display.
I gave her shoulders a slight nudge to put some space between us.


Look, the ring is really important.
Just hand it over. There's a lot depending on this. 


I kept my delivery orderly and methodical, almost like a surgeon.
There was no other way for me to handle her.
She truly seemed reckless and bold to an unnatural level.
Which, in turn, started making everything funnier.


Don't touch me!
What's so important about this ring, anyway?
Are you some kind of ring-obsessed freak?
Love sticking rings on your fingers?


She still was throwing loud and inappropriate taunts towards me.


It's a magic ring! What more do I have to explain? Just give it back to me!


You really must be a ring freak, huh!
A magic ring!
Hahaha!


She burst out laughing.
I tried to shift my gaze away from her, feeling slightly awkward.
It looked like she was becoming friendlier towards me.


Come on, you weirdo!
Let's play tic-tac-toe!
Don't waste time making excuses!


> They do love games, huh! <
I couldn't help but notice that.


All right, let's go!


You can go first! I'm feeling generous today!

// The game of tic-tac-toe
I made my first move.
Ah, you gave yourself away! I know why you chose the X's and left me with the O's. It's all about psychology! The X's are all about closure, hiding stuff, holding secrets. You're nervous!
And I get it: I am drop-dead gorgeous, and next to someone like that, you might actually just drop dead! Or did you think O's were just better for me? Psychology says you're trying to insult me. Sharp, dude, very sharp! Hahaha!
I think my move was smart.
I like this game. Those little crosses? They think they can just take over everything! Just think how hard it could be to deal with them!
But, in this game, I trample over them like a hero! What? Am I saying something weird? The look you're giving me... hahaha!
While she kept loudly talking to herself, I silently made my move.
This whole thing is symbolic! It's like you're trying to cross out your need for the ring, but it's not working. Clever, aren't you?
You want that ring, don't you? Come on, win it from me! I'm waiting!
We kept playing our game, and with each move, my 2D friend was loud and cheerful. My ears were slowly adjusting to her constant chatter.

As the game neared its end, the outcome was becoming clear.
But suddenly, my friend's blabbering was interrupted by a rather loud knock on the door.
The banging continued, growing even louder.
Each hit felt like it was shaking the floor beneath us.
Finally, the door burst open.
The bedroom's already bizarre atmosphere got shattered by Crazy Mita rushing in.
She stood in the center of the room in her usual, three-dimensional form.
I froze, feeling myself go pale with shock.
The 2D Mita looked genuinely frightened.
Crazy Mita shot us both a sharp glance and began to speak in a strange, almost scolding tone.

[player], what are you doing here of all places?
How many Mitas will you go through before you settle down?
And what's the deal with this thing?
I hate this flat world so much...
Such a boring...
pile of shit!
Hey! Get back here!

Without thinking, I grabbed my scared 2D friend's hand and bolted toward the exit.
The space twisted in a strange manner, and now we were sprinting down a long corridor, the pounding footsteps behind us driving us forward.
I couldn't tell how long we ran.
The ringing in my ears from the panic and strain overpowered my other senses.
I only noticed that 2D Mita was trying to tell me something when she suddenly slipped her hand free from mine.

Hey! Calm down, will you? No one's chasing us anymore...

Huh? Ah... okay.


The boldness and excitement had drained from her face, leaving her looking a bit sad, almost apologetic.
She stared at the floor, tracing little circles with her toe.


[player], you wanted that ring, right?
Well, you gave it your all in that game, so here you go.


She slid the ring back onto my finger.


Well, thank you. Shall we go?


She raised her head and smiled at me.
Fidgeting a bit with her fingers, she answered in an uncertain tone.


Where to?
I have nowhere to go...
Thanks for playing, weirdo!
Come back sometime.


As 2D Mita was saying these words, something strange started happening.
The world around us warped, sending us back into her bedroom.
The dialogue box flickered and started displaying a line that wasn't a part of our older conversation.



Cakes? I can't stand them! Why don't we grate some carrots instead?